---
title: 🎣 PyroFishing
description: Information about PyroFishing
---

<center><h1><b></b>PyroFishing 🐟</b></h1></center>

<br>

PyroFishing is a popular Minecraft server plugin designed to enhance the fishing experience on multiplayer servers. With unique features and customizable settings, PyroFishing allows server administrators to create dynamic and engaging fishing environments. The plugin introduces various enhancements such as custom fish types, special fishing events, and integration with Minecraft's economy systems. It is widely used on survival, RPG, and minigame servers to bring variety and excitement to the fishing mechanics.

<br>

<center><h1><b></b>Custom Fish 🐠</b></h1></center>

<br>

PyroFishing has tons of diffrent custom fish can have various properties, such as:

<br>

<span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Custom Names - </b></span> Fish can have creative names or even lore to tell a story.


<span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Rarity - </b></span> Custom Fish can be assigned different rarities, affecting how often they appear.


<span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Special Drops - </b></span> Fish may drop unique items, such as rare materials, treasure, or even enchantments.


<span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Size Variations - </b></span> Some fish types can come in different sizes, adding more variety and visual appeal.

<br>

<center><h1><b></b>Fishing Events 🐡</b></h1></center>

<br>

One of the core features of PyroFishing is its ability to introduce special fishing events into the game. Events may include:

<br>

<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>1.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Longest Length -</b></span> The player who gets the longest fish caught by the end of the tournament wins.


<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>2.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Shortest Length -</b></span> The player who gets the shortest fish caught by the end of the tournament wins.


<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>3.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Most Caught -</b></span> The player with the most fish caught by the end of the tournament wins.


<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>4.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Most Crabs Killed -</b></span> The player who kills the most crabs by the end of the event wins


<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>5.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Most entropy earned -</b></span> The player who fishes up the most entropy by the end of the event wins.


<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>6.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Most Biomes Fished In -</b></span> The player who fishes in the most biomes by the end of the event wins.

<br>

<center><h1><b></b>Progression 📈</b></h1></center>

<br>

The plugin includes a fishing progression system where players can level up their fishing abilities:

<br>

<span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Experience Levels -</b></span> Catching different types of fish rewards players with experience points.


<span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Unlockable Features -</b></span> Players can unlock new abilities, such as the ability to fish faster, catch more rare fish, or fish with special rods.


<span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Leaderboards -</b></span> Use **/warp leaderboards** to find the fishing leaderboards such as the most rare fish caught or most fish caught overall.

<br>

<center><h1><b></b>Augments ✨</b></h1></center>

<br>

Augments are Custom Enchantments designed specifically for fishing rods. These enchantments provide unique enhancements that improve your fishing experience.

<br>

- **Entropy**

<br>

Entropy is a currency used for Fishing. Entropy can be used to buy upgrades and augments.ou can obtain Entropy by catching custom fish, gutting fish in the Gutting Station (/fish gut), or Fishing up entropy crystals!

<br>

Entropy is a key stat that affects your ability to craft and use certain augments in the fishing system. It represents the chaotic energy required to combine ingredients in a cauldron and craft augments. Higher entropy levels enable you to access more powerful augments and enhance the effectiveness of your fishing rods. To manage entropy, you must keep an eye on your fishing stats, as the required entropy can vary based on the augment you're trying to craft. Be sure you have enough entropy before attempting to create or apply more advanced augments.

<br>

<center><h1><b></b>How to Craft Augments 🔨</b></h1></center>

<br>

To create an augment for your fishing rod, you need to combine specific ingredients in a cauldron.

<br>

- **Crafting Process:**

<br>

Place the required ingredients for a specific augment into a full cauldron, and hit the cauldron with your fishing rod to craft the augment.

<br>

***Ensure you have the required fishing level, entropy, and the correct ingredients before attempting to craft an augment.***

<br>

<center><h1><b></b>Applying Augments to Your Rod 🎣</b></h1></center>

<br>

Once you have an augment, you can easily apply it to your fishing rod :


- Open the Augment menu and place your fishing rod in the left slot (you can shift-click it from your inventory).


- Place the augment you want to apply in the right slot.


- Click the green panel on the right to confirm the combination and apply the augment to your fishing rod.


<center><h1><b></b>Avaliable augments 🔥</b></h1></center>

<br>

These are the 12 different augments that can be applied to your fishing rod. Each one offers a unique benefit:


<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>1.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Hot Spot -</b></span> Increases the chance of fishing up rare items.

<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>2.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Call of the Storm -</b></span> Summons stormy weather, which boosts fishing rewards.

<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>3.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Saturate -</b></span> Increases your chances of fishing up larger quantities of fish.

<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>4.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Sage -</b></span> Improves your experience gain from fishing.

<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>5.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Biome Disruption -</b></span> Changes the fishing biome, giving you access to different fish types.

<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>6.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Precision Cutting -</b></span> Enhances the chances of catching specific rare fish.

<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>7.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Crab Bait -</b></span> Increases the chance of attracting crabs during fishing.

<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>8.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Intellect -</b></span> Provides a boost to your fishing skill and unlocks additional abilities.

<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>9.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Perception -</b></span> Improves your ability to spot special fishing locations.

<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>10.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Trophy -</b></span> Increases the chances of catching trophy-sized fish.

<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>11.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Solar Rage -</b></span> Boosts your fishing efficiency during sunny weather.

<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>12.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Master Fisherman -</b></span> Greatly enhances your overall fishing abilities.


