---
title: 🖌️ Server Resource Pack
description: Information asbout the servers resource pack
---
# **What is it for? And do i have to enable it? ❓**


 Our Resource Pack will not override your resource pack nor change native blocks in the game, It simply downloads the textures needed to view our custom custometics tags and features!


# **How to Enable Our Custom Resource Pack ℹ️**


To enhance your experience and fully enjoy our custom content, we offer a server resource pack featuring unique textures, cosmetics, custom mob drops, and much more. If you initially declined the resource pack or wish to enable it at any time, follow the steps below:


<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>1.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Open Your Server List:</b></span>
    Navigate to the multiplayer section of Minecraft and find your server list.


<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>2.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Select Your Server:</b></span>
    Locate and click on the server you wish to enable the resource pack for.
        

<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>3.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Access Server Settings:</b></span>
    At the bottom of the screen, click the "Edit" button to open the server settings.
       

<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>4.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Enable the Resource Pack:</b></span>
    In the server settings menu, locate the option labeled "Server Resource Packs". If it’s currently set to “Disabled,” click on it until it changes to "Enabled".
        

<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>5.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Save and Enjoy:</b></span>
    Once the resource pack is enabled, click Done to save your changes. You can now enjoy all the custom features our server offers, including exclusive textures, cosmetics, custom mob drops, and more!
        

By following these steps, you'll unlock the full potential of our server's custom content. We hope you enjoy the enhanced gameplay experience!
