---
title: 📜 Rules
description: Server rules
---

<center><h1><b>Server Rules: A Guide to Fair Play and Respect 📜</b></h1></center>

<br>

To ensure that all players have an enjoyable and fair experience on our server, we ask that you adhere to the following rules. Failure to follow these guidelines may result in penalties, including temporary or permanent bans.

<br>

<center><h1><b>General Chat Etiquette 💬</b></h1></center>


<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>1.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Respect All Players:</b></span>
Treat every player with kindness and respect. Harassment, hate speech, discriminatory language, and personal attacks will not be tolerated under any circumstances.


<span style="color:#22c55e"><b>2.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"> <b>Maintain a Friendly Atmosphere:</b></span>
Keep language appropriate and refrain from excessive swearing, vulgarity, or making inappropriate comments. Our goal is to create a welcoming and friendly environment for all players.


<span style="color:#22c55e"><b>3.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>No Spamming:</b></span>
Avoid spamming the chat with repeated messages, excessive use of caps, or flooding the chat with unnecessary content. Spamming disrupts the conversation and makes it difficult for others to engage.


<span style="color:#22c55e"><b>4.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>No Advertising:</b></span>
Advertising of other Minecraft servers, websites, or external services is strictly prohibited unless you have received explicit permission from a staff member. Please respect the integrity of our community.


<span style="color:#22c55e"><b>5.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Language Preference:*</b></span>
To facilitate communication among players and staff, please use English in the public chat. This ensures that all players can understand and engage in discussions.


<span style="color:#22c55e"><b>6.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Sensitive Topics:</b></span>
 To avoid discomfort or tension, refrain from discussing topics such as politics, religion, or other controversial matters that could cause discord among players.


<center><h1><b>Gameplay Conduct ✅</b></h1></center>


<span style="color:#22c55e"><b>1.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>No Griefing:</b></span>
Griefing—deliberately destroying, vandalizing, or altering another player's work—is strictly prohibited. Our community thrives on collaboration, and we expect everyone to respect each other's creations.


<span style="color:#22c55e"><b>2.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Respect Towns and Claims:</b></span>
Do not break into or destroy buildings or structures within towns unless you have received explicit permission from the town leader or owner. Always respect other players' claims and property.


<span style="color:#22c55e"><b>3.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>No Cheating or Exploiting:</b></span>
The use of hacks, mods, or any third-party software that provides unfair advantages is strictly prohibited. This includes exploits, cheats, and any forms of gameplay manipulation that compromise the integrity of the server.


<span style="color:#22c55e"><b>4.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Respect Others Space:</b></span>
When Starting a town keep in mind the space of others around you, Dont claim towns on the boarder of others. With that, When expanding your town dont claim right up to the edge of another town, or box in another town via claims.


<span style="color:#22c55e"><b>5.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>No Automation Abuse:</b></span>
The use of automated tools, such as AFK farms, macros, auto-clickers, or any form of botting, is prohibited. These tools provide unfair advantages and disrupt the balance of the game.


<span style="color:#22c55e"><b>6.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Respect Other Players’ Builds:</b></span>
Ensure your builds do not obstruct or interfere with other players' experiences or violate any server-wide building rules. Always be mindful of the environment and the efforts of others.


<center><h1><b>Server Safety and Security 🔒</b></h1></center>


<span style="color:#22c55e"><b>1.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Report Bugs and Glitches:</b></span>
If you discover any bugs, glitches, or exploits, please report them immediately to a staff member. Exploiting such issues for personal gain will result in a permanent ban.


<span style="color:#22c55e"><b>2.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Respect Player Privacy:</b></span>
Harassment, stalking, or violating another player's privacy in-game or on external platforms such as forums or Discord is strictly prohibited. Everyone deserves to play in a safe and secure environment.


<center><h1><b>Ban Evasion and Alternate Account Abuse 🔨</b></h1></center>


<span style="color:#22c55e"><b>1.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>No Ban Evasion:</b></span>
Do not attempt to evade a ban by using alternate accounts, or by allowing a banned player to use your account. Ban evasion is considered a serious offense and will result in further penalties.


<span style="color:#22c55e"><b>2.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Appealing Bans:</b></span>
If you feel that a ban was issued unfairly, we encourage you to reflect on your actions and then submit a ban appeal via the Discord server. Be respectful and patient during the appeal process.


<center><h1><b>Approved Mods List</b></h1></center>

 To enhance your gameplay experience, we allow the use of the following mods. However, these mods must be used in compliance with all server rules:


 <center><span style="color:#22c55e"><b>1.) </b></span> <em style="color:#FFFFFF">Optifine</em></center>
 
 <center><span style="color:#22c55e"><b>2.) </b></span> <em style="color:#FFFFFF">Xaero’s Minimap</em></center>
 
 <center><span style="color:#22c55e"><b>3.) </b></span> <em style="color:#FFFFFF">JourneyMap</em></center>
 
 <center><span style="color:#22c55e"><b>4.) </b></span> <em style="color:#FFFFFF">AdvancedChat</em></center>
 
 <center><span style="color:#22c55e"><b>5.) </b></span> <em style="color:#FFFFFF">Chat Heads</em></center>
 
 <center><span style="color:#22c55e"><b>6.) </b></span> <em style="color:#FFFFFF">ItemScroller</em></center>
 
 <center><span style="color:#22c55e"><b>7.) </b></span> <em style="color:#FFFFFF">Mouse Tweaks</em></center>
 
 <center><span style="color:#22c55e"><b>8.) </b></span> <em style="color:#FFFFFF">Chest Tracker</em></center>
 
 <center><span style="color:#22c55e"><b>9.) </b></span> <em style="color:#FFFFFF">Inventory Profiles</em></center>
 
 <center><span style="color:#22c55e"><b>10.) </b></span> <em style="color:#FFFFFF">Better Recipe Book</em></center>
 
 <center><span style="color:#22c55e"><b>11.) </b></span> <em style="color:#FFFFFF">JEI (Just Enough Items)</em></center>
 


 Mods that provide an unfair advantage or alter core gameplay mechanics are not allowed. Always ensure that your mods align with the spirit of fair play.

 By following these rules, you help create a vibrant, respectful, and enjoyable environment for everyone on the server. We reserve the right to take action against any player who violates these rules, ensuring that all members have a fair and enjoyable experience. If you have any questions or need clarification on any rules, feel free to reach out to a staff member.




