---
title:  ⬆️ upkeep for a town
description: Information on town upkeep 
---

<center><h1><b></b>Town Upkeep ⬆️</b></h1></center>

<br>

Town upkeep is essential for maintaining a thriving town economy. It ensures that resources and infrastructure are properly maintained and prevents players from hoarding wealth without consequences.

<br>

<!-- when eco is figured out ill make a table of towny costs like upkeep, taxes etc etc -->

<center><h1><b></b>How to Set Taxes 💵</b></h1></center>

You can check tax rates using <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>/t town name</b></span> or <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>/towny prices.</b></span>
    
<br>
    
**Automatic Deductions:** Taxes are automatically taken from each resident’s balance and placed into the Town Bank for upkeep and other services.

<br>

As the mayor, you can change the tax rates using:

<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>1.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>/t set taxes amount set a specific amount</b></span>
    
<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>2.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>/t toggle taxpercent (set a percentage-based tax system)</b></span>
    
<br>

<span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Balanced Taxes -</b></span> Be careful not to set taxes too high, as this could drive away residents or discourage new players from joining.

<br>

<span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Impact on High-Balance Players -</b></span> A percentage-based tax system could create dissatisfaction among players with large balances.


***Thoughtful tax management is essential for a strong economy and happy residents.***

<br>

<center><h1><b></b>Bankruptcy ⚠️</b></h1></center>

<br>

If a town’s Town Bank runs out of funds and cannot cover upkeep costs, the town will enter bankruptcy. Carefully managing your town’s finances is crucial to avoid bankruptcy and the destruction of your town.

<br>

<span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Negative Balance -</b></span> If the town’s balance goes negative, no changes can be made until the balance is restored.

<br>

<span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Debt Cap -</b></span> Each town has a debt cap of £100,000. Once this cap is reached, the town enters a ‘Ruined’ state for 72 hours.

<br>

**Ruined State (72 hours):**

<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>1.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>First 24 hours -</b></span> The town is unrecoverable and vulnerable to raids. It cannot be reclaimed.

<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>1.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>Next 48 hours -</b></span> The town can be reclaimed for £10,000 using the /t reclaim command.

<span style="color:#22c55e;"><b>1.) </b></span> <span style="color:#FFFFFF"><b>After 72 hours -</b></span> If not reclaimed, the town is permanently deleted.